Create devicelocalcredentialinfo.md (#20878)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/laps-devicelocalcredentials-get.md

Reviewer: File name fix: devicelocalcredentialinfo-get.md

---

> title: "Get deviceLocalCredential"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Get deviceLocalCredentialInfo"
```

> description: "Retrieve the properties of deviceLocalCredential on a specified device object."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Retrieve the properties of a deviceLocalCredentialInfo for a specified device object."
```

author: "sandeo-MSFT"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

> # Get deviceLocalCredential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get deviceLocalCredentialInfo
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Retrieve the properties of [deviceLocalCredential](../resources/devicelocalcredential.md) on a specified device object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the properties of a [deviceLocalCredentialInfo](../resources/devicelocalcredentialinfo.md) for a specified device object. 
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|DeviceLocalCredential.Read.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|DeviceLocalCredential.Read.All|

>**Note:** For delegated permissions to allow apps to get [**deviceLocalCredential**] (../resources/devicelocalcredential.md) resources, the signed-in user must be in one of the following directory roles: 
* Global administrator
* Cloud device administrator

> * Intune service administrator

Reviewer: Same comment about RBAC applies here

## HTTP request
To get the device local credential for a specific device object:
<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"  
}
-->
``` http

> GET /deviceLocalCredentials/{deviceId}

Reviewer: Any correlation with the deviceId of /devices? If not, change from {deviceId} to {deviceLocalCredentialsId} to avoid confusion.

Reviewer 2: It is the same deviceId of /devices

```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|User-Agent|The identifier for the calling application. This value contains information about the operating system and the browser used. Required.|
|ocp-client-name|The name of the client application performing the API call. This header is used for debugging purposes. Optional.|
|ocp-client-version|The version of the client application performing the API call. This header is used for debugging purposes. Optional.|

> 

Reviewer: I see you removed the OData query parameters section here as well. It's a best practice to keep it as customers will check here to know the query capabilities that the API supports.
```suggestion
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the `$select` OData query parameter to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

```

Reviewer 2: This API supports $select, $filter on deviceName (startswith, eq, ne, ge, le), lastBackupDateTime (ge, le), refreshDateTime (ge, le), $search on deviceName, $orderby on devicename, $top, $count and $skiptoken

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [deviceLocalCredential](../resources/devicelocalcredential.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

> ### Example 1: Get the device local credential by specifying the key **id**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Get a device's local credential
```

#### Request
The following is an example of the request. This example does not return the **credentials** property.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "id": ["b465e4e8-e4e8-b465-e8e4-65b4e8e465b4"]
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/deviceLocalCredentials/b465e4e8-e4e8-b465-e8e4-65b4e8e465b4
User-Agent: "Dsreg/10.0 (Windows 10.0.19043.1466)"
ocp-client-name: "My Friendly Client"
ocp-client-version: "1.2"
```

#### Response
The following is an example of the response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.deviceLocalCredentialInfo"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": {
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.deviceLocalCredentialInfo",
    "id": "b465e4e8-e4e8-b465-e8e4-65b4e8e465b4",
    "deviceName": "LAPS_TEST",
    "lastBackupDateTime": "2023-04-21T13:45:30.0000000Z",
    "refreshDateTime": "2020-05-20T13:45:30.0000000Z"
  }
}
```

> ### Example 2: Get the device local credential with the **credentials** property by specifying the key **id**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Get the device local credential including the credentials property
```

#### Request
The following is an example of the request.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "id": ["b465e4e8-e4e8-b465-e8e4-65b4e8e465b4"]
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/deviceLocalCredentials/b465e4e8-e4e8-b465-e8e4-65b4e8e465b4?$select=credentials
User-Agent: "Dsreg/10.0 (Windows 10.0.19043.1466)"
ocp-client-name: "My Friendly Client"
ocp-client-version: "1.2"
```

#### Response
The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.deviceLocalCredentialInfo"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

> {

Reviewer: This response object looks incorrect. Please run the request in Graph Explorer and paste what you get back.
Resolving this will also fix the API Doctor validation error.

Reviewer 2: There should not be a "value"
